# Lab Exercise

### Due: Today in Lab.
The goal of this lab is to get you on board performing some commandline argument reading and file I/O operations required for CA3.

There are 2 parts to complete in this lab. Please complete the parts in order by following the instructions in this README file.

Once you complete the first two parts, complete part C and show your github repos to your TA (PK, Kevin, or Joonyoung).

This lab assignment is worth 5 points toward your CA3 grade.<br>
Everyone will push their repo by the end of the lab period.

## Part A: Reading in Command-Line Arguments
In this part, you will add code to partA.cpp to read in two commandline arguments and initialize the respective variables. For CA3 you have to read in the input directory name and working directory name (these will be described in the CA3 specifications on Piazza).
For now, assume that the first command-line argument would be the input directory name and the second commandline argument would be the working directory name.

The instructions to adhere to when adding code to partA.cpp have been specified in partA.cpp as comments.

Once you finish adding code to partA.cpp, run the following commands to compile and run the program.

```commandline
make partA
make runPartA inputdir=sample_input_directory_name workdir=sample_workdir_name
```
Store the output generated by the program into a file called *partA\_out.txt*

## Part B: File I/O, Vectors and Doubly LinkedLists.
Notice that you have a directory called **_songsdir_** under the current directory. The _songsdir_ directory contains two text files (.txt extension) that each contains lyrics of a particular song.
The _songsdir_ kind of mimics the input directory for CA3 except that it does not contain the song-info files.

The names of files in _songsdir_ directory follow the format **<song name>.lyrics.txt**.
Each of these files contains the lyrics of the particular song.

The goal of part B is to add code to partB.cpp in order to read in the lyrics of songs, store them in a doubly linkedlist (one per song) and then persist the lyrics of the song in a file, with the same name, in another directory.

You do not have to implement a doubly linkedlist for this lab exercise. For CA3, however, you have to implement it.
For this lab exercise, we have provided a basic doubly linkedlist implementation.
Refer DLL.h to see what constructors and functions are defined. Note that the doubly linkedlist given to you includes very basic functions.
For CA3, you will need to add more functionality to your doubly linkedlist.

The instructions that you need to follow to add code to partB.cpp have been provided as comments in the source file itself. More specifically,
1. You will need to implement `load(...)` by following the instructions given there.
2. You will need to add code right below the following comment in the main function in partB.cpp.
	```cpp
	// TODO AS PART OF LAB EXERCISE MAR 25.
	// Iterate through the song_files vector.
	// In each loop,
	// 	instantiate a new doubly linkedlist on the heap.
	// 	instantiate a WordTokenizer object on the stack.
	// 	load the contents of the file into the doubly linkedlist by calling load(...).
	// 	add to the end the doubly linkedlist into the song_lyrics vector.
	```

Once you finish adding code to partB.cpp, run the following commands to compile and run the program.

```commandline
mkdir outputdir
make partB
make runPartB inputdir=songsdir workdir=outputdir
```

## Part C: Final Step
Run `make finishedLab` that adds, commits and pushes all generated files.
